Remove Reporting Mode & History Shards docs (#3302)
XRPLF/xrpl-dev-portal: docs/infrastructure/installation/capacity-planning.md

As a general rule, you can safely delete the database files (both the ledger store and the bookkeeping databases) for a `rippled` server when it isn't running; this clears any stored ledger history the server has, but it can re-acquire that data from the network. However, if you delete the `wallet.db` file in the `[database_path]`, you must manually reapply runtime configuration changes such as [amendment votes](../configuration/configure-amendment-voting.md) and [peer reservations](../configuration/peering/use-a-peer-reservation.md).

> If your server has a `[shard_db]` stanza, you can remove it. History Sharding was removed in `rippled` version 2.3.0, so this config stanza no longer does anything.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `[shard_db]` stanza is now obsolete and has no effect on your server, as History Sharding was removed in rippled version 2.3.0. You can safely remove this stanza from your config file.
```
